content/page/index.md, before:

---
seo_title: Flora Wilde Designs | Event Florist & Occasional Deliveries
seo_description: ''
banner_text: Delivering Monday, June 8th
order_price: "$25-$45"
delivery_times: Deliveries will be made between 9am-7pm

---
# >>Order limit has been met this week. Thank you!<<

# Hand Wrapped Flowers To Your Porch! Limited Availability

_<slot name="banner" />_

_Small Wrapped Bouquet: $25 (4-5 featured blooms)  
Large Wrapped Bouquet: $45 (8 featured blooms)_

**_Options for custom orders are available. Email, call or text us to inquire!_**

**_Call/Text: (916) 258-5590_**

**_Email: florawildedesigns@gmail.com_**

#### Order by Friday night, June 5th.

\***We deliver to Roseville, Rocklin, Lincoln, Loomis, Penryn and Newcastle porches.**

Wrapped bouquets will be florist’s choice of whatever is fresh and available each week. We promise they will be beautiful!

#### 

<div class="sample-images">

![](/uploads/dual-arrangments.jpg)

![](/uploads/fw4.jpg)

![](/uploads/holding-arrangment.jpg)

</div>

## Ordering

Orders need to be placed at least 3 days prior to the delivery date (ex. If delivery day is Saturday, orders need to be in no later than Wednesday night) so we can make sure we purchase enough flowers to fulfill all our orders. Thanks for understanding!

<slot name="button" />

## Deliveries

_*verify delivery zones above before purchase._

**All orders will be delivered on the stated delivery date to the best of our abilities.** 

<slot name="delivery" />

<slot name="button" />

Orders will be hand delivered by us and will be no-contact porch drop-off.

##### ***Flora Wilde currently only delivers to select areas so make sure the delivery address matches with our delivery zones above.**

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Madi Tilford updated content/page/index.md Madi Tilford created static/uploads/bouquets-by-wilder-wilder-floral-co_-san-luis-obispo-flower-delivery-design-and-florist-flowers.jpg Madi Tilford created static/uploads/aca805f6-9d1f-47bf-8368-f33c0c2510f5.JPG

content/page/index.md, after:

---
seo_title: Flora Wilde Designs | Event Florist & Occasional Deliveries
seo_description: ''
banner_text: Delivering November 24-25
order_price: "$25-$65"
delivery_times: Deliveries will be made between 9am-7pm

---
# Delivering November 24-25

# Fall Flowers + Arrangements To Your Porch! Limited Availability

_<slot name="banner" />_

_Large Wrapped Bouquet: $45 (8 featured blooms)_

_Small Wrapped Bouquet: $25 (4-5 featured blooms)_

_Large Vase Design (10 featured blooms): $65_

**_Options for custom orders are available. Email, call or text us to inquire!_**

**_Call/Text: (916) 258-5590_**

**_Email: florawildedesigns@gmail.com_**

#### Order by Sunday night, November 22.

\***We deliver to Roseville, Rocklin, Lincoln, Loomis, Penryn and Newcastle porches.**

Wrapped bouquets will be florist’s choice of whatever is fresh and available each week. We promise they will be beautiful!

#### 

<div class="sample-images">

![](/uploads/fw1.jpg)

![](/uploads/holding-arrangment.jpg)

</div>

## Ordering

Orders need to be placed at least 2 days prior to the delivery date (ex. If delivery day is Tuesday, orders need to be in no later than Sunday night - some exceptions will be made if we have enough product!) so we can make sure we purchase enough flowers to fulfill all our orders.

Ordering will be closed early if we reach our limit for the week. Thank you for understanding!

<slot name="button" />

## Deliveries

_*verify delivery zones above before purchase._

**All orders will be delivered on the stated delivery date to the best of our abilities.**

<slot name="delivery" />

<slot name="button" />

Orders will be hand delivered by us to your porch!

##### ***Flora Wilde currently only delivers to select areas so make sure the delivery address matches with our delivery zones above.**
